Ruler: Disable x-scope-orgid header append in remote write (#11819)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

##### Enhancements

> * [11819](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11819) **jburnham**: Ruler: Disable x-scope-orgid header append in remote write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [11819](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11819) **jburnham**: Ruler: Add the ability to disable the `X-Scope-OrgId` tenant identification header in remote write requests.
```
